Add documentation for platform dependencies 'provided' scope (#8819)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/source-code-dependencies/package-references.md

**Define the scope for a dependency**

By default, when the scope has not been explicitly specified for a platform dependency in the `Ballerina.toml`, it will be packaged into the final executable JAR or the BALA. There are two scopes that can be used to restrict this behaviour.

***'TestOnly' scope***

If you want to restrict a certain platform dependency to be used only for testing, specify the scope as `testOnly`. This will add the platform dependency to the test runtime but will avoid packing it into the final executable JAR file.

***'provided' scope***

> If you want to restrict a certain platform dependency from been packed into the BALA, specify the scope as `provided`. This will add the platform dependency to the final executable JAR but not to the BALA.

Reviewer: shall we use the terms `jar file` and `bala file` instead of `JAR` and `BALA`?

Author: Addressed in #8836

> This scope is useful in cases where the provider's license restricts the redistribution of the platform library. By specifying the "provided" scope, you ensure that the dependency is available during compilation and execution, but not packaged with the BALA, thereby avoiding any licensing issues related to redistribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scope is useful in cases where the provider's license restricts the redistribution of the platform library. By specifying the "provided" scope, you ensure the dependency is accessible during both compilation and execution, yet it isn't included in the BALA package. This approach helps avoid any licensing complications associated with redistribution.
```

Author: Addressed in #8836
